welcome everyone to the second episode
of movie spoiler alerts today we will be
watching the 1985 film Back to the
Future the first part of the trilogy so
let's get right to it the film is set in
Hill Valley California and follows a
stereotypical 80s teenager named Marty
McFly played by Michael J Fox Marty has
a girlfriend named Jennifer who isn't
featured all that much in this film but
is referred to throughout the series
Marty lives at home with his family
where his father George McFly is
constantly bullied and berated by his
supervisor v Tannen George is a sheepish
and feeble man and vows to pretty much
whatever Biff tells him to do Marty's
mom Lorraine as an overweight woman who
seems to be more focused on the past
such as how she met George after she
accidentally hit him with her car an
important feature that continues
throughout the most these films is
multiple actors play multiple roles
depending on what year that portion of
the film is taking place we also meet
Marty's friend Emmett Brown typically
referred to as doc doc is a scientist
who's always working on some crazy and
wacky experiment and Marty seems to help
out when he can Marty he ends up later
meeting doc in a parking lot where doc
shows Marty the DeLorean that he's
converted into a time machine
the DeLorean utilizes a flux capacitor
which is powered by plutonium which
docks stole from a group of Libyan
terrorists while running some initial
tests on the vehicle however the Libyan
terrorists show up and gunned down doc
Marty jumps into the DeLorean to avoid
getting shot himself getting up to the
famous 88 miles per hour and gets sent
back in time to November 5th 1955 now in
the year 1955 Marty runs into a young
George McFly who is being bullied by a
young Biff Tannen after Marty saves
George from Biff Marty has to save
George again from being hit by a car
which ends up knocking out Marty instead
Marty begins to wake up and finds
himself in a bedroom and begins talking
about how he had a strange dream of
being sent back into the past thinking
he's being comforted by his 1985 mother
instead however he is actually being
comforted by his 1955 mother Lorraine
who is about the same age as him and as
aggressively flirting with him marty is
mortified not only by the fact that he
is being hit on by a younger version of
his mom but he also realizes that he's
ruined the opportunity where his father
originally met his mother
Marty eventually finds the 1955 version
of Doc Brown and Marty convinces him
that he is actually from the year 1985
Marty expresses that he needs more foo
tone 'i'm so he can go back to his
original time however doc explains that
getting plutonium is not a very easy
task and they decide to use the famous
historical lightning strike that will
hit the clock tower later this week they
will use the 1.21 gigawatts of power
that comes from the Lightning in order
to allow the DeLorean to travel back to
the year 1985
Marty realizes after looking at a photo
though that him and his siblings are
beginning to fade out of the picture
because his parents had never met the
way that they were supposed to causing
them to never fall in love and Marty to
never be born so Marty begins to work on
a plan to get his parents back together
so that he can be born and the events of
the film can still take place and not
cause a paradox through a series of
events
Marty ins of taking Loraine his mother
to his school dance
Marty's plan was to force himself on his
mother causing her to be offended and
for George to come in and save the day
however Biff shows up and Biff instead
tries to force himself on Loraine George
punches Biff knocking him down and
Lorena ends up going with George to the
dance floor where they have their first
kiss there is then a scene where Marty
plays the guitar on the dance floor and
really that doesn't have much to do with
the story but it's a relatively iconic
scene after leaving the dance Marty
returns to the clock tower where the
lightening is supposed to hit doc has
everything set up and Marty tries to
give doc a letter warning him about the
Libyan terrorists doc rips up the letter
out of fear that knowledge will result
in catastrophic outcomes Marty decides
that he would go back 10 minutes earlier
in the year 1985 than he initially left
in order to warn Doc then Marty gets
into the DeLorean gets up to 88 miles
per hour and travels back to 1985 where
he hurries from the parking lot to try
to save doc
unfortunately however Marty is too late
and doc is still shot and he sees the
other version
of Marty take off in the other DeLorean
to go back to 1955 initially Marty runs
down to doc to be with him during his
last moments and it turns out doc was
actually wearing a bulletproof vest and
he had actually taped up the letter that
Marty had give him doc takes Marty back
home and then doc takes off for the year
2015 to see what the future has in store
the next morning Marty finds that his
family has drastically changed they seem
wealthier his father George is a more
confident man his mom Lorraine is fit
and in shape and even Biff who in the
beginning of the film was George's
superior is almost now a servant to the
McFly's Marty meets up with his
girlfriend Jennifer only to be
interrupted by Doc who is wearing
strange and new clothing and insists
that they both must get into the car
stating that there is a problem with
Marty and Jennifer's kids the film ends
with one of its most famous lines thank
you for watching and please comment
below with what movie you would like me
to review next